Hello, and welcome back to our Image in
Video Processing class.
In the first two videos in this class, we
saw numerous examples that I hope that by
now help you to understand the longer
title of this class, From Mars to
Hollywood with a Stop At the Hospital.
We have seen applications of all of them.
So those examples.
Were useful to motivate us, and to
understand, what is image and video
processing?
What are we expecting to learn in this
class?
So let me just now spend only just a
couple of minutes giving you some
logistics.
We're going to have nine weeks of class,
including this week.
And each week is going to be self
contained.
I'm going to start a new topic, and I'm
going to finish that topic during that
week.
Every week is going to have a number of
short clips.
So there is not going to be, like, a two
hours movie.
But there is going to videos that are
short.
So there's going to to be a natural
stopping and restarting turn.
Time, in case that you need to come back,
or you need to stop, and you can't watch
all of the movies at the same time.
Every week, we are going to have quizzes.
Those that want to get their certificate
will need to do the quizzes.
But some of you might just be interested
in watching the videos without having to
do the quizzes and you're more than
welcome to do that if you're not
interested in the certificate.
In the quizzes, there's going to be also
some recommended computer exercise.
Those are not going to be mandatory, but
if you have time, I do recommend that you
do as many as possible.
So you can experiment yourself, with all
the techniques that we are learning
during this class, during this nine
weeks.
One more thing I want to mention is that
there's a lot of information on the
website for this class: Recommended
books, links to web sites, and additional
material that we are going to be
incorporating during the class if you
want to expand beyond the material
provided by these videos.
Finally I should mention that about half
of the class the first four to five weeks
I'm going to be on basic material,
fundamental material that is still very
important today.
And the second half of the class, the
last four weeks, more or less, are going
to be more advanced material, basically,
some of the topics that image processing
is about today.
Basically the kind of leading research
that you can find in universities and
companies.
So, this is it, regarding the logistics,
and I will see you in the next video,
where we are going to start with some new
material on image and video processing.
Thank you.